**Paper to understand:**
NICE-SLAM: Neural Implicit Scalable Encoding for SLAM
https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.12130

Project Repository
https://github.com/cvg/nice-slam

**Thinking about the goal:**
I explain the paper, its goal, terms, math and concepts in simple language to different target groups:
Child.
A reasonable person who does not know about computer stuff.
Applied Computer Science Student, like me.

Recall this every time i dig into the paper.

i) At the end i understand the paper.
ii) I can formulate the exposé for the thesis.


---

To consider while reading the paper.
- Explainability to different target groups
- Write everything step down
- Note thoughts as well

---

### Understanding the "Title" of the paper

**Title:** NICE-SLAM: Neural Implicit Scalable Encoding for SLAM

**Observation:** The terms from the title are not known enough to grasp what is going on here.

Terms(child, student): @todo explain
`NICE-SLAM`

`Neural`
2025-04-04 13:09 
The fundamental concept the solution is build upon.
The solution must have something to do with some sort of training.

`Implicit`
`Scaleable`

`Encoding`
2025-04-04 13:17
Wie etwas gespeichert wird? Aber was, das trainierte Modell?
Der Algorithmus der durch das lernen 'encoded' sich ergibt?
Was Wie Wo

**Assumption:** The information must be in the paper.

**Steps:** 
i) Written down what i think some terms could mean, annotated with a date to observe later how my understanding changes.
ii) Continue to "Abstract" of the Paper.


### Understanding the "Abstract" section of the paper

